on Android now I'm gonna do this in
aggressive mood cuz I've heard that it's
good a lot I mean a lot difficult so he
goes no bitch there you are hey well
call you go you got you got you got you
got you da da da da oh you are a toot so
it still T then for an audio error
that's that's pretty simple really it's
still only to my father might have
changed to one scene so it's an
aggressive mode but now still - there's
a video yeah doing good so far not doing
too bad on this first try it doesn't
seem that aggressive I must admit it's
just seem a bit more Pacey but not that
not too much I mean nightmare mode was
pretty easy for Android but tough as
nails on PC where are you all
where is he either no damn it
I meant oh you little shithead fuck
right let's see come on where is he
where is he where is he where is he I
don't know if he's there because the
camera just went off oh shit
I'll do the audio first then go back
then obviously trap it and then do the
camera I think nope I'm gonna shit no
I'm sensing a jumps yes I'm sensing a
jump-scare
holy shit I'm sensing it I'm so sensing
it I'm so says in a jump-scare don't
worry I can't find him now
that was a bit of a shock
I got you there hello I'm on I hate how
long this takes to fucking load it takes
far - yeah
do you know do you know do you know who
spring-trap is he isn't what singular
and multiple yes come on mutt fuck me
let's find him come on come on come on
come on give me it give me it give me it
give me it
Thanks got him I got him there ha ha ha
ha got him come on
anything anyone anybody there
yes got you haha got you there you up
hello spring-trap there as well yes
result fucking foxy oh come on come on
come on come on come on come on come on
Kate okay okay do it can you do it
oh come on come on Oh Lee shit come on
Connie do it
holy shit can t do it can either it can
t do it holy shit look nightmare mode
aggressive 9mm oh those fucking
difficult as fuck holy shit thank God
oh yes no believe I did it so if you
like please leave a little like so know
that you liked it
I know yet I hope to see you in the next
video